feat(api): delete workflow run on branch delete (#4177)
ovh/cds: docs/content/docs/integrations/bitbucket.md

$ engine start api vcs
```

## Vcs events

> For now we only support push events. We also use this push event to delete existing run for deleted branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, CDS support push events. CDS use this push event to remove existing runs for deleted branches (24h after branch deletion).
```
